Changes to have Aragon Buidler v0.2.0 features (#105)
aragon/aragon-react-boilerplate: README.md

### npm Scripts

- **postinstall**: Runs after installing dependencies.

> - **copy-artifacts**: Add aragonOS artifacts pre-compiled.

Reviewer: We should have a better explanation for why this is (currently) needed, and how it's used.

I might not even put it here, but maybe under an "Additional information" section or etc.

- [**@aragon/api**](https://github.com/aragon/aragon.js/tree/master/packages/aragon-api): Aragon client application API.
- [**@aragon/ui**](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-ui): Aragon UI components (in React).
- [**@aragon/buidler-aragon**](https://github.com/aragon/buidler-aragon): Aragon Buidler plugin.

### Aditional Information

> We have an additional script `copy-artifacts`. We use this script to get the files of the pre-compiled artifacts from `@aragon/abis`. Their purpose is to use it to deploy the aragonOS framework during local development. In a similar way, they can be used during tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is an additional npm script called `copy-artifacts`. We use this script to load the the pre-compiled artifacts from `@aragon/abis` into your local environment to allow for easily deploying aragonOS during development. In a similar fashion, they are also useful for scaffolding the test environment.

You should never have to run this command yourself, but in case you've deleted the local `./artifacts` folder, you can run `npm run copy-artifacts` to re-create it.
```

Do we also have `artifacts/` in the default .gitignore?

Author: Yes, we have
